---
layout: post
title: On This Wonderful Terrible Day
date: '2016-12-01 9:02'
---

Today is a wonderful day. Like any other day, it is beautiful because it exists. I am thankful to be experiencing another small portion of a complicated, intricate life on this wonderful, terrible planet. Today, there will be joy and happiness. And today, a nut fell from a tree and hit me on the head. It fell with the Fall leaves and hit me harder than the death of which the newly barren trees reminisce.  As Winter takes more color, today, there will be suffering and sadness. While people lose their lives, others lose their autonomy and freedom. Some people were born without them.

Winter is like Fall, and Spring, and Summer. After the trees surrender their leaves, they will present an aesthetic just as amazing as the bright colors that I will miss. 

Today, you and I will both go to sleep and, if we are lucky, we will wake up like we did yesterday. Sleep is a brief emancipation from reality. When I sleep, I am the abolitionist of all things and the establisher of a new world. Dreams are hallucinations in a drug induced coma. When the melatonin subdues my body, I wake up in a different way, knowing that all people are happy, and free, and safe. Unconsciousness is not the antithesis of consciousness; it is its mirror, more extreme and more subtle. Sometimes I enter into a world inspired by the worst parts of the one in which I live. When I wake up, I might not remember my hallucinative terror. People are laboring without wages today, profitably incarcerated for possessing less potent substances than the ones that make us dream dreams that are so often forgotten.

When I woke up this morning, I was excited. The anticipation for a new unique day and the sound of an alarm tore me violently from my inadequate rest. I begged the sun for liberatio; I searched for salvation in a cup of coffee brewed from beans grown and picked in a developing nation. The world is complicated, belligerent, and beneficent. Reality never occurs with the simplicity that we observe, because society is one big tangled mess. An alienating codependency connects all of us to people we will never meet and those relationships with people I know intimately are even worse.


